CSV: change to use separator with the most occurences, (#7831)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/drivers/vector/csv.rst

per line must be present. Lines may be terminated by a DOS (CR/LF) or
Unix (LF) style line terminators. Each record should have the same
number of fields. The driver will also accept a semicolon, a tabulation,
a pipe, or a space character as field separator.

> Starting with GDAL 3.7.1, the autodection will select the separator with the

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with GDAL 3.8, the autodection will select the separator with the
```

> Starting with GDAL 3.7.1, the autodection will select the separator with the
> most occurences if there are several candidates  on the first line of the CSV
> file (and warn about that). The SEPARATOR open option may also be set to
> define the wished separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with GDAL 3.7.1, the autodection will select the separator with the
most occurrences if there are several candidates  on the first line of the CSV
file (and warn about that). The :oo:`SEPARATOR` open option may also be set to
define the desired separator.
```

The following open options can be specified
(typically with the -oo name=value parameters of ogrinfo or ogr2ogr):

-  .. oo:: SEPARATOR
      :choices: AUTO, COMMA, SEMICOLON, TAB, SPACE, PIPE
      :default: AUTO

>       :since: 3.7.1

Author: ```suggestion
      :since: 3.8
```
